hey you guys okay so you know me and
well you don't know me you don't know
who I am I could be like doctors do but
anyway in conjunction with my last video
which was one of the things that I hate
this conjunction even the right word to
use I don't know I don't know but I
think it is at this time but what I love
to do so instead of what I hate no it's
what I love and what I love to do is
drink jack I love to drink but no um
that's not the point of this video what
I love to do is I love that I love to
sing what I drunk then my consent I can
tend to save my life if someone asked me
to sing and they held a gun to my head
I'd be dad I think you'll know that I
like to drink anyway and I like to drink
red wine so I love red wine so
technically this video is like number
one and number two of what I love to do
one drink red wine to sing when I drink
red wine so what we're gonna do here is
a little karaoke of kashyap because
kasia it's what I love I love passion
she's the best
hirako it's my little karaoke rendition
of Cascia because I love singing one and
drunk okay it's actually three things
now I love to drink red wine like this
ding when I drunk white wine I like to
catch up the street three things in one
video you should be feeling today okay
here we go wake up so whether you like
them or not I really don't care but
that's what i like to do so let me know
what you like to do what's your favorite
thing to do what do you love doing let
me know have a good night you guys fight